Prevent failing connection after keep alive finishes with kraken (#11980)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`11976` Bybit deposits and withdrawals older than 30 days will now be correctly imported.
* :bug:`11964` Resolving many internal transaction conflicts at once will no longer flood the frontend with duplicate refresh requests, reducing unnecessary network calls and improving responsiveness.
* :bug:`-` rotki no longer gets stuck when querying Routescan transactions with more than 100 internal transactions.

> * :bug:`-` rotki will now recover more reliably when Kraken closes idle API connections, reducing failed requests after the app has been left open for a while.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`-` rotki will now recover more reliably when an exchange closes idle API connections, reducing failed requests after the app has been left open for a while.
```
